Game Jam Rules:

1. Every scene must include an instance of the following essential prefabs:
	-Player Character
	-Ammo Indicator
	-Hp Indicator
	-ScreenFadeEffects
	-Quit and Retry Text
	-Level Exit Prefab
	
2. At least one of your scenes must include a Level Exit that returns to the Lobby/Level Select Scene.

3. Any uses of DontDestroyOnLoad must be cleaned up before the player returns to the lobby
(either via level exit or quit function).

4. Use Unity Version 2021.3.4f1.

5. No directly modifying anything in the Do Not Modify Folder.

6. At least one of your scenes must include some splash text that shows:
	a. The name of your part
	b. A describtive line of the format "The Part[rest of the line]". E.g. "The part where you fight a goose."
	c. Your name to show it's your part.
	
7. Your work must include a text file listing all the credits for you part.


Style Guide Rules to make merging everything easier:

1. Tell everyone what you'll be using as an identifier for your part of the game. E.g. "MyID". 

2. All assets, scenes, etc that you add must be stored in a folder in Assets named with your identifier e.g. "MyID_Part"

3. All scripts, tags and scenes must be named in the format MyID_filename.

4. No new layers, sorting layers or input files. (Except by group consent)

5. No modifying project or build settings beyond adding Scenes. (Except by group consent)
	
6. No ducks in a purple top hat named Steve.	
	
FAQ:

Q: Can I just lock all of the essential prefabs in a closet off camera and go do my own thing?
A: Yes. As long as they're all present and not throwing errors its fine.

Q: Can I edit public fields for an Essential Prefab in the inspector?
A: Yes, as long as the changes are only to your instances of them in the scenes and not to the prefabs themselves.

Q: Can I attach new componets to my instances of the Essential Prefabs?
A: No.

Q: Do I have to match the art style of the player character.
A: No.

Q: Can I use assets from the example level.
A: Yes of course. Though it might be best to create a copy of the assets in your own folder and use those instead.

Q: How am I supposed to make a game without using layers and sorting layers.
A: A set of preexisting layers and sorting layers are already included for you to use. 
   If any glaring omissions crop up, then all partipiates can agree to add a layer or sorting layer to fill it.

Q: I have religious objections to X style of programming braces, do I have to use it?
A: No. If it works you can write your entire program on a single line, you utter monster.

Q: Are asset packs okay to use?
A: As long as they're free to use, stored in your Part folder and 
   you include proper credits for them in your credits text file.
   
Q: Do I have to use all the hooks on the player character or can I try my own work arounds?
A: Yes. The hooks are there to make it easier to work with the Player character but if your work arounds
work and don't break anything nobody will stop you.
   
Q: Are Ducks in a magenta top hat called Steve okay?
A: Yes.
